README.md, before:

# Implementation of Ralph Wiggum

This implementation currently supports cursor (the CLI agent) or opencode (your choice).

Since the agents run in a VM (using lima-vm), they can basically do what they want without affecting your host system. However, be aware that we are not completely safe since they can still fetch from the web (e.g. using curl) and download malicious content.

The template for the application directory which the agents will work in is [./agent_harness_app_template/](./agent_harness_app_template/) (a copy of this directory is made, and this directory is all that the agents can see).

The application directory contains a `.secret/` folder, which all agents are instructed to ignore (in their prompts i.e. it is a soft instruction for context protection, not a guardrail).

These steps assume that lima-vm is already installed.

The model used by all agents is specified in [./agent_harness_app_template/.secret/cursor/cli-config.json]. If you wish to change this model, open cursor CLI agent and choose a new model using the `/model` command (this auto-populates your ~/.cursor/cli-config.json with the correct "model" JSON you need for that model).

```bash
limactl create --name ralph --vm-type=qemu --containerd=system # default is ubuntu
limactl ls

cd ralph-wiggum/
cp -r agent_harness_app_template my-app-name

# optional: if you need your CA certificates in the VM ==================== #
mkdir my-app-name/.secret/ca-certificates
cp /usr/local/share/ca-certificates/* my-app-name/.secret/ca-certificates
# ========================================================================= #

limactl start ralph --mount-only ./my-app-name/:w  # only has read/write access to my-app-name/
limactl shell ralph

# start of commands run inside the VM ================================= #
sudo cp my-app-name/.secret/ca-certificates/* /usr/local/share/ca-certificates/ # only run if you copied in your CA certs earlier
sudo update-ca-certificates

bash my-app-name/.secret/environment_setup.sh cursor # if you want cursor-agent CLI
bash my-app-name/.secret/environment_setup.sh opencode # if you want opencode CLI
source $HOME/.local/bin/env # make uv cli available without restarting the shell

cd my-app-name
tree -a   # see the folder layout
sudo mv .secret/cursor/cli-config.json ~/.cursor  # if using cursor
sudo mv .secret/opencode/opencode.json ~/.config/opencode # if using opencode
uv python install 3.14
uv init

exit
# end of commands run inside the VM =================================== #

limactl stop ralph
limactl stop --force ralph
limactl delete ralph
```

Commit message:

feat(README.md-environment_setup.sh): opencode agents working perfectly (including permissions)

README.md, after:

# Implementation of Ralph Wiggum

This implementation currently supports cursor (the CLI agent) or opencode (your choice).

Since the agents run in a VM (using lima-vm), they can basically do what they want without affecting your host system. However, be aware that we are not completely safe since they can still fetch from the web (e.g. using curl) and download malicious content.

The template for the application directory which the agents will work in is [./agent_harness_app_template/](./agent_harness_app_template/) (a copy of this directory is made, and this directory is all that the agents can see).

The application directory contains a `.secret/` folder, which all agents are instructed to ignore (in their prompts i.e. it is a soft instruction for context protection, not a guardrail).

These steps assume that lima-vm is already installed.

The model used by all agents is specified in [./agent_harness_app_template/.secret/cursor/cli-config.json]. If you wish to change this model, open cursor CLI agent and choose a new model using the `/model` command (this auto-populates your ~/.cursor/cli-config.json with the correct "model" JSON you need for that model).

```bash
limactl create --name ralph --vm-type=qemu --containerd=system # default is ubuntu
limactl ls

cd ralph-wiggum/
cp -r agent_harness_app_template my-app-name

# optional: if you need your CA certificates in the VM ==================== #
mkdir my-app-name/.secret/ca-certificates
cp /usr/local/share/ca-certificates/* my-app-name/.secret/ca-certificates
# ========================================================================= #

limactl start ralph --mount-only ./my-app-name/:w  # only has read/write access to my-app-name/
limactl shell ralph

# start of commands run inside the VM ================================= #
sudo cp my-app-name/.secret/ca-certificates/* /usr/local/share/ca-certificates/ # only run if you copied in your CA certs earlier
sudo update-ca-certificates # only run if you copied in your CA certs earlier

bash my-app-name/.secret/environment_setup.sh cursor # if you want cursor-agent CLI
bash my-app-name/.secret/environment_setup.sh opencode # if you want opencode CLI
source ~/.bashrc # to get uv and opencode CLI commands to register

cd my-app-name
tree -a   # see the folder layout
sudo mv .secret/cursor/cli-config.json ~/.cursor  # if using cursor
mkdir ~/.config/opencode
sudo mv .secret/opencode/opencode.json ~/.config/opencode # if using opencode
uv python install 3.14
uv init
export OPENAI_BASE_URL='...'
export OPENAI_API_KEY='...'

exit
# end of commands run inside the VM =================================== #

limactl stop ralph
limactl stop --force ralph
limactl delete ralph
```
